Visual: Add docs for proxies (#2533)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/visual-testing/faq.md

### When will it support "my favorite framework"?

The support for any framework depends on the client-side implementation using the underlying API. If you require an SDK, submit a new idea at [Productboard](https://portal.productboard.com/sauceprod/2-sauce-labs-portal/tabs/4-under-consideration/submit-idea).

### How to use Sauce Visual behing a Proxy?

> Sauce Visual client libraries require access to Sauce Labs APIs to upload your snapshot and detect differences. If your machine needs to use a proxy, ensure that the environment variable `HTTPS_PROXY` is set before running your job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Sauce Visual, the client libraries need to connect with Sauce Labs APIs. This connection is essential for uploading snapshots of your application and performing visual difference analysis. If your computer is set up to access the internet through a proxy, you will need to configure an environment variable named `HTTPS_PROXY`. This setup is required to ensure that Sauce Visual can communicate with Sauce Labs APIs through your proxy.
```

> Here are some examples of values:
> ```
> HTTPS_PROXY=http://myorgproxy:3128
> HTTPS_PROXY=http://user:pass@myorgproxy:3128
> HTTPS_PROXY=socks://username:password@myorgsocksproxy.com:9050
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Setting the `HTTPS_PROXY` Environment Variable

1. **Identify your proxy URL**: This URL is typically provided by your organization's IT department. It could look like one of these examples:
    - `http://myorgproxy:3128`
    - `http://user:pass@myorgproxy:3128` (if authentication is required)
    - `socks://username:password@myorgsocksproxy.com:9050` (for SOCKS proxy)

2. **Configure the environment variable**:
    - **On Windows**:
      - Open the Start Search, type in "env", and choose "Edit the system environment variables".
      - In the System Properties window, click the "Environment Variables..." button.
      - Under "System variables", click "New..." to create a new variable.
      - Enter `HTTPS_PROXY` as the variable name and your proxy URL as the value.
      - Click OK to save and exit.
    - **On macOS/Linux**:
      - Open a terminal.
      - Use the export command to set the variable. For example:
        
        ```bash
        export HTTPS_PROXY=http://myorgproxy:3128
        ```

      - To make this change permanent, add the export command to your shell's profile script (e.g., `.bash_profile` or `.bashrc`).

3. **Run your Sauce Visual job**: After setting the `HTTPS_PROXY` variable, you can proceed to run your Sauce Visual tests as usual.
---

This version is designed to be easily understood by a broad audience, including those who might not be deeply technical, and it covers steps for different operating systems to ensure wide accessibility.
```
